good evening my fellow reptiles and
welcome to this new series on my channel
where I'm gonna be doing cooking
tutorials I'm gonna try to do this at
least once a week I'm gonna start off
very very basic I for one love food I
hopefully you love food too and I'm
living on my own right now and I need to
I want to basically showcase you guys
some basic things that you can make very
very simple and easy for yourself in
case you're hungry because who doesn't
like to be able to make food for
themselves
and as time goes on these cooking
tutorials are going to get more advanced
they're gonna get more complex and I'm
gonna be making some of my own personal
favorite dishes something that's really
odd with me when I cook though is that I
hate cooking for myself when I eat my
own food that I make for myself it's
very very basic but when I have guests
over or I want to cook for somebody else
I loved cooking for other people it's
weird I won't cook for myself I'm lazy
[ __ ] but when it comes to other
people I get all excited sexually
excited and I have a strange fetish of
loving to watch people eat my own food
that I made yes it sexually turns me on
but today we're gonna be taking a look
at a grilled cheese sandwich basic right
well this is not just a normal grilled
cheese sandwich this is actually known
as an inside and out grilled cheese
sandwich which you know how you have a
normal grilled cheese cheese in the
middle well it's a little bit different
and today I'm gonna teach you how to
make one and it tastes ten times better
than a normal grilled cheese and I
promise you this is not going to turn
into a drunk kitchen however before we
begin I think H nice swig of fireball
whiskey would do me some good now
let's get cooking don't-ee nonstick
frying pan put some real butter and melt
it if you're using margarine we can't be
friends but please use real butter
butter that's what makes this actually
work because this butter that we're
melting here to medium to low heat is
actually going to allow the cheese to
stick into the bread which will allow it
to caramelize so place two pieces of
bread into the butter again this is on
medium to low heat you don't want to
make put this too high or else it will
burn and
don't want that I'm using sharp cheddar
cheese for this video you can use any
cheese you want it really doesn't matter
but make sure you shredded you don't
have to use shredded but that's what's
preferable and that's what works the
best fold that over top and then we're
gonna do the exact same thing
after you finish placing the rest of the
cheese on the top we're gonna put throw
another little piece of butter in there
again real butter not margarine I want
to stress that it's really really
important
you're gonna melt that and then we're
gonna flip this right on top of the
butter and that's actually going to
allow the cheese to caramelize into the
bread we're gonna do the same thing we
just did put some more cheese on the top
of the other side just like we
previously did it's a very repetitive
process and we're gonna let that sit to
4 to 5 minutes and then flip again now
as you can see here we're gonna flip
again after this is a constant constant
of 3 to 4 minutes on either side and as
you can see here it's kind of golden
brown and you can actually see that the
cheese is caramelized into the bread
it's actually soaked in and you can see
that little crunchy sound that crunch
with my fork that is what that's when
you know that it is perfect it's really
that simple
well you flip it to 4 to 5 minutes let
it sit on this side let's cut this open
and see what it looks like
mmm look at that middle and the top and
bottom caramelized cheese I love cheese
so there you have it ladies and
gentlemen my fellow reptiles I already
took a bite out of this and I can say
that it is wonderful if you like grilled
cheese sandwiches this is going to out
beat a normal grilled cheese by tenfold
thank you guys for watching my a
McDaniel fold bock Allhallows mr. rep cm
are we trying to make a cooking tutorial
at least once a week like this and as I
spent and earlier the videos are gonna
start out basic and they're gonna get
more advanced as my series progresses so
thank you guys for watching that for
supporting my channel and eat on and eat
cheese I love [ __ ] cheese without
cheese there would be no point to the
universe thank you for watching oh yeah
and one more small little thing I'm
starting tomorrow I have a new tentative
schedule every single Monday at 5 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time I am going to be
streaming on Twitch
UV and actually I'm gonna be doing a
pre-roll show at 4:00 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time every single Monday from
4:00 to 5:00 I'm gonna be interacting
with you guys on my stretch on my twitch
and streaming live and then exactly at
5:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time I will
be doing a full to it 3-hour gaming
session of games that you guys want to
see me play on my twitch stream channel
if you are unfamiliar with twitch twitch
allows me to stream video games and
broadcast myself and talk to you guys
live if that sounds like something you'd
be interested in feel free to check out
my twitch the link is down below in the
description of this video and it's also
right here twitch.tv slash rep c on
again this is going to be a tentative
schedule normally I don't operate under
a schedule saying hey I'm gonna be doing
this every single week but now I have
one so Mondays at 5 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time twitch.tv slash rep C on
thank you